1 How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
##If the program was running with no problem before, but starts having troubles after the modification, then we know there must be somthing wrong with the modification we made. Obviously viewing the difference between two versions of a file can be really helpful for spotting the bug.

2 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
##If I know the entire history of a file which was modified by not only myself but others as well, I will have a better understanding on how and why this file is like this today. I can avoid making same mistakes.

3 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
##pros: 
	*I can decide what changes I'd like to commit in order to maintain a clear commit history without much unvaluable checkpoints.
	*I can also make one commit for one change which may be made within multiple files, in this way it is clearer than each commit containing one file individually. 
cons: If I tend to be forgettable about sommiting my new changes, the commits I make may be lack of details.

4 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
##for google docs and others, files are not necessarily related to each other, there is absolutely no need to save multiple files in one commit. However Git is commonly used as controlling versions of coding files, it is way more common to make one change by modifying multiple different files at the same time, in this case, it is very useful to keep track of each change in a whole package.

5 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

6 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

7 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

	
	
